All right.
I'm back.
That took a lot longer than I expected so I changed my sleep time to three hundred and for some reason
while I was running the script that user decided to unfollow me.
So we had to select a different user which was a jasmine.
And I also added a break statement in here so that it didn't keep looping again it was taking forever
so I just did a little shortcut here.
Now hopefully I have followed back.
Let's have a look.
All right.
Looks like I have an extra and Yep look at that.
I have this person I've just followed her back so you can see how this might be useful.
You might just follow everybody and remove this if statement.
Maybe you're a little pretentious and you only want to follow back people based on their follow counts
so you might want to do something like If follower dot followers count is let's say higher than a hundred
then you follow back.
So there's a lot of things that you can do here but that's pretty cool.
We created our first bought the generous but in the next video.
I want to do a another little fun tool what we call a narcissist but so let's see how that works in
the next video.